[Pages] Clarify individual header length limit (#4614)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/headers.md

{{</table-wrap>}}

> A project is limited to 100 header rules. Each header declaration has a 1,000-character limit.

Reviewer: Should this be an aside?

Author: I just stole the wording as-is from the redirects page - if we turn it into an aside here then we should there too imo

{{</table-wrap>}}

> A project is limited to 100 header rules. Each line in the _headers file has a 1,000 character limit. The entire line including spacing, header name and value all count towards this limit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A project is limited to 100 header rules. Each line in the `_headers` file has a 1,000 character limit. The entire line, including spacing, header name, and value, counts towards this limit.
```
